# Boba Buddy
Boba Buddy is a simple web app for users of all ages. It is for people who have trouble deciding either which boba place to visit or which boba drink to order. It is also for people who would like to try a new drink, but would like to know the taste before getting it. People can leave a review of their specific orders (type of drink and its toppings) to give others suggestions of what would be good toppings for the drinks.

The homepage has a simple layout with a brief description of what the app does and how the user should get started. There are also messages around the app telling the user to login to leave reviews if the user is not logged in. As for signing up and logging in, error messages show up if the user’s passwords or usernames are invalid or do not match up. There are back buttons for going from pages, such as from viewing reviews at a specific place back to the search results with their previous search queries. The buttons are also labeled clearly for users. The dropdown menus also have clear text. The submitting review form also has placeholders to clearly tell the user what each part of the form is and what actions they need to do to complete the form. This app also remembers users if they do not log out. So if they close the app and are still logged in, they will still be logged in when they reopen the app. Boba Buddy also has its own color scheme and logo to make it appealing to users. This app is not like other review apps such as Yelp in terms that this is specifically for boba. Different boba places have different tastes for the same kinds of drinks, i.e. oolong tea from Kungfu Tea vs oolong tea from Taipei Cafe. There are also many different kinds of toppings, and some places have tea that other places do not have. Boba Buddy allows users to search for boba places within a certain radius from any location. They are able to sort those search results according to either location or place ratings. They are also able to see the specific menu that each boba place has and fill out review forms that are specifically for boba. If a user is debating between different drinks at a place, they could use Boba Buddy to look at the reviews of those specific drinks. If they like a certain flavor boba, they could find the place with the best ratings for that flavor. Boba Buddy is also convenient for people who are new to boba, or if they are new to a certain area, and have no idea where to get boba or what type of drink they would like. 
